# Team Notes

## Event Badge Requirements:
- Final result matches the composite/issue selected, is polished, wired to HAX(4%) 
- Issue specific requirements are satisfied in the design and implementation of the element(10%):
    - Work for any conference that would have an image 
    - Needs to implement a variable for where it says MEDIA, as well as name, title, and company and personal image 
    - Needs to emulate this visually. The graphics are included in the comp (view source as to how to emulate/copy) 
    - Demo must have 4 example badges, one for each of the member of our team 
    - Have multiple elements or properties for things like the top bar that has media on it, the TV screen, and the footer image. 
    - Have a property to do a CSS transformation to make this sepia, black & white, or normal looking (retro-card has some examples) 
- A meaningful automated test for the element you produce(1%) 
- A story that allows for leveraging properties(1%) 
- Teamnotes maintained with status updates(2%) âœ“
- Published to NPM(2%) 

Bonus:
- Optional support for an icon to render in HAX (+1%)
- Add lazyloading support for all assets and the element itself (+1%)

## Meeting Notes:

### Meeting Date 12/9

#### What we did: 
This is another work day in class. 

#### What we'll do next


### Meeting Date 12/7

#### What we did: 
Today Bryan discussed feedback for 5 different groups including ours. The feedback we got was that it is ok for us to do a hockey theme. How to put the person's image under the image frame/holder. Then finally just general advice of we need accentColor, add a darker shadow, slot our top content, needs support for an image, name, title, and company, and have an image frame/holder.

#### What we'll do next
We will continue to work on all the aspects of the project that we need to get done. Most of this work will probably get done this weekend as we all have other projects we are working on as well.

### Meeting Date 12/2

#### What we did: 
Today is a work day in class.

#### What we'll do next
We plan to work hard get this project to a more finalized state than it currently is.

### Meeting Date 11/30

#### What we did: 
In this class we listened to Bryan go over 4 different groups projects. One was ours and he liked how the hole punch was done, as well as how we added a box shadow to add a liitle bit of a 3d affect to our badge. We all also did our SRTE's during class.

#### What we'll do next
We will continue to work on getting our badge to mean all the expectations of this project.

### Meeting Date 11/18

#### What we did: 
Today we listened to Bryan talk about the progress 3b4b, PenStat, table-in-the-corner, and viable-slime have made, as well as the two tutorials of haxProporties wiring and MutationsObservations example code pen. We then broke up into groups to give and recieve feedback about our current projects. We were paired with the groups that were doing the trading card as we are the only group doing the event badge.

#### What we'll do next
We plan to continue working on our event badge, as well as work on the improvements that were suggested by the other two teams.

### Meeting Date 11/16

#### What we did:
Class was canceled due to Bryan being sick.

#### What we'll do next
We will continue to work on the event badge.

### Meeting Date 11/11

#### What we did:
In today's class, we listened to Bryan talk about PenStat's question about slots and input elements. We then continued to work on our event badge.

#### What we'll do next
We will get our other elements started and continue to work on the badge.

### Meeting Date 11/9

#### What we did:
We listened to Bryan talk about the questions that the differnt groups submitted in the first check-in. We then got started on building our event badge.

#### What we'll do next
We will continue to work on our event badge.

### Meeting Date 11/4

#### What we did:
We started the third and final project and choose to do the event badge.

#### What we'll do next
Our next steps are to complete Check-In 1 as a group. Then individually watch the first three of your videos from this project's playlist, and write our 9th blog post all by Sunday at midnight.

## Status Check-Ins:

### Check-in 1
What project/issue you picked(link to it):
- Event Badge: https://github.com/elmsln/issues/issues/607

Hand-drawn Sketch:
- [Check-In1Sketch.pdf](https://github.com/runtimeErrorsMadeEasy/Project3/blob/master/Check-In1Sketch.pdf)

Initial questions/unknowns:
- How do we wire our element to Hax?
- Can we take creative liberties with the design of our event badges that aren't a part of the comp?

What elements do you expect are needed for this design?
- Badge Header
- Badge Footer
- Image
- Badge

What properties do you expect these to have?
- CSS Styling
- Padding
- Color Variations
- Icon Changablily 
- Changing of the individuals information

Slots?
- I believe we will definitely need to use slots to make the different parts of the project work currently as they will need to be flexible.

What CSS/Styling unknowns are there presently?
- We don't know yet but will probably come up with some as the project progresses.

What states does it have? can you click/hover to engage with it?
- We could possibly have hover states that change the look of the badge, but we will decide this for 100% later on in the project.

What properties need to be mapped to HAX/the storybook? What can the user interact with?
- The user with need to be able to change the badge holder information, image, as well as the different color variations for the different elements within the badge.

### Check-in 2
Elements Started:
- EventBadge
- EventHeader

Possible Work Delegation:
- Adam: Storybook
- Kat: Teamnotes Updater
- Liz: Lead Developer
- Nick: Testing

Questions:
- None at the moment

### Check-in 3
Progress:
- Kat created the footer/header image that we plan to have on the card, which is [Footer.png](https://github.com/runtimeErrorsMadeEasy/Project3/blob/master/Footer.png).
- Liz has worked on getting all the elemnets set up, as well as adding the header image, and placed the logo image.

Group Activity Links:
- [3b4b Issues:](https://github.com/3B4B/project-3/issues/17)
- [Our Issues Part 1:](https://github.com/runtimeErrorsMadeEasy/Project3/issues/13)
- [Our Issues Part 2:](https://github.com/runtimeErrorsMadeEasy/Project3/issues/15)

Questions:
- None at the moment

### Check-in 4
Progress
- We honestly still have a lot left to do for our event badge.
- TO DO: get our photo and photo holder added to our photo element, get the name element to have the name and title of the person, wire our project to HAX, add slots, individualize the 4 demos, test our element, create the storybook, and of course publish it to NPM by the deadline.
- To get this done our team is going to have to work hard and together to finish everything by the deadline of Dec. 12th.

Questions
- Is it ok if we do the event as hockey instead of media?
- How should we get the photo inside the photo holder within our photo element?
- What advise do you have for us in general?